Update Metadata and Installation Documentation (#1646)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: docs/source/metadata.rst

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| coordinates                 | XY Bounding Box Coordinates                              | See notes below for further details about the bounding box.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | parent_id                   | Element Hierarchy (Parent ID)                            | Hierarchies are determined by a combination of a ruleset and element category depth. The current ruleset sets a parent ID if a title element follows a header element or any other element follows a title element.                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| parent_id                   | Element Hierarchy (Parent ID)                            | `parent_id` may be used to infer where an element resides within the overall hierarchy of a document. For instance, a `NarrativeText` element may have a `Title` element as a parent (a "sub-title"), which in turn may have another `Title` element as its parent (a "title).                                                                          |
```

> |                             |                                                          | The ID is also set if the element follows an element of the same category and the category_depth is greater than the category depth of the element it follows. Hierarchies enable more robust chunking configurations.                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| category_depth              | Element Depth relative to                                | Category depth is the depth of an element relative to other elements of the same category. It's set by a document partitioner and enables the hierarchy post-processor to compute more accurate hierarchies.                                                                                |

> |                             | other elements of the same category                      | Category depth is set using native document hierarchies (e.g., h1, h2, h3 or the indentation level of a bulleted list in a word document).                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                             | other elements of the same category                      | Category depth may be set using native document hierarchies, e.g.  reflecting \<H1>, \<H2>, or `\<H3>` tags within an HTML document or the indentation level of a bulleted list item in a Word document.                                                                                                                                         |
```

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``filetype``                | File Type                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``type``                    | Element Type                                             | Categorizes elements into types such as Title, NarrativeText. Not a metadata field                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: need to be careful here as the `type` technically lives outside of `metadata` even though downstream, for all intents and purposes, it kind of is.

https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/blob/19d8bff/test_unstructured_ingest/expected-structured-output/s3/small-pdf-set/2023-Jan-economic-outlook.pdf.json#L3

Maybe change the first column to `N/A` and update Details to mention the caveat?

Reviewer 2: +1 on `type` not actually being in metadata. I removed it from the original table since I noticed the very top of the notion doc was "Types (Categories)" - I think it's best to mention its availability separately (like [here](https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/introduction.html#document-elements) in the docs and remove it from this table.

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``coordinates``             | XY Bounding Box Coordinates                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Include in-doc link to further down the page where coordinates are explained in more detail?

| ``category_depth``          | Element Depth relative to                                | Category depth is the depth of an element relative to other elements of the same category. It's set by a document partitioner and enables the hierarchy post-processor to compute more accurate hierarchies.                                                                                |
|                             | other elements of the same category                      | Category depth is set using native document hierarchies (e.g., h1, h2, h3 or the indentation level of a bulleted list in a word document).                                                                                                                                                  |
+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``text_as_html``            | HTML representation of extracted tables                  | Elements with type Table                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``text_as_html``            | HTML representation of extracted tables                  |  Only applicable to ``Table`` Elements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``languages``               | Document Languages                                       | At document level or element level                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ``languages``               | Document Languages                        | At document level or element level.                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> | ``languages``               | Document Languages                                       | At document level or element level                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``languages``               | Document Languages                                       | At document level or element level. List is ordered by probability of being the primary language of the text.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

| ``num_characters``          | The number of characters used                            | Used for chunking                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|                             | for max_characters in add_chunking_strategy              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``is_continuation``         | True if element is a continuation of table being chunked | Used for chunking                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``is_continuation``         | True if element is a continuation of a previous element | Only relevant for chunking, if an element was divided into two due to ``max_characters``                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | ``is_continuation``         | True if element is a continuation of table being chunked | Used for chunking                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ``is_continuation``         | True if element is a continuation of table being chunked | Used for chunking. |
```

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``detection_class_prob``    | Detection Model Class Probabilities                      | From unstructured-inference, hi-res strategy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ``detection_class_prob``    | Detection model class probabilities       | From unstructured-inference, hi-res strategy.                          |
```

+-----------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

:raw-html:`<br />`
Notes on common metadata fields:

Coordinates
-----------

Some document types support location data for the elements, usually in the form of bounding boxes.
If it exists, an element's location data is available with ``element.metadata.coordinates``.

The ``coordinates`` property of an ``ElementMetadata`` stores:

> * **points**: These specify the corners of the bounding box starting from the top left corner and

Reviewer 3: Points should probably be monospace font, since it refers to a keyword in the code:
```suggestion
* ``points`` : These specify the corners of the bounding box starting from the top left corner and
```

  proceeding counter-clockwise. The points represent pixels, the origin is in the top left and
  the ``y`` coordinate increases in the downward direction.

> * **system**: The points have an associated coordinate system. A typical example of a coordinate system is

Reviewer 3: Same with system:
```suggestion
* ``system``: The points have an associated coordinate system. A typical example of a coordinate system is
```

	coordinates = ((10, 10), (10, 100), (200, 100), (200, 10))
	coordinate_system = PixelSpace(width=850, height=1100)

	element = Element(coordinates=coordinates, coordinate_system=coordinate_system)
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.to_dict())
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.orientation)
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.width)
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.height)

	element.convert_coordinates_to_new_system(RelativeCoordinateSystem(), in_place=True)
	# Should now be in terms of new coordinate system
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.to_dict())
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.orientation)
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.width)
	print(element.metadata.coordinates.system.height)

###########################################
Additional Metadata Fields by Document Type
###########################################

+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``Field Name``          | Applicable Doc Types| Short Description                                      |

Reviewer 3: Field Name should not be monospace, because it isn't referring to code:
```suggestion
| Field Name          | Applicable Doc Types| Short Description            |
```

+=========================+=====================+========================================================+

> | ``page_number``         | PDF, HTML, PPT      | Page Number                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``page_number``         | PDF, PPT, DOCX      | Page Number                                            |
```

| ``sent_from``           | EML                 | Email Sender                                           |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``sent_to``             | EML                 | Email Recipient                                        |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``subject``             | EML                 | Email Subject                                          |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``attached_to_filename``| MSG                 | filename that attachment file is attached to           |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``header_footer_type``  | Word Doc            | Pages a header or footer applies to: "primary",        |
|                         |                     | "even_only", and "first_page"                          |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``url``                 | HTML                | Webpage URL                                            |

Reviewer: i think url's only come from docs that came through connectors, in which case this row should be removed

+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``link_urls``           | HTML                | The url associated with a link in a document.          |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| ``link_texts``          | HTML                | The text associated with a link in a document.         |
+-------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``links``               | HTML                | List of {”text”: “<the text>, “url”: <the url>} items. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``links``               | HTML                | List of {”text”: “<the text>, “url”: <the url>} items. This element will be removed in the near future in favor of the above two rows |
```

Elements from webpages will include a ``url`` metadata field, corresponding to the URL for the webpage.

##############################
Data Connector Metadata Fields
##############################

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Documents processed through unstructured-ingest connectors include additional document metadata. These additional fields only ever appear if the source document was processed by a connector.
```

Elements from webpages will include a ``url`` metadata field, corresponding to the URL for the webpage.

##############################
Data Connector Metadata Fields
##############################

Common Data Connector Metadata Fields
-------------------------------------

- Source Metadata

>     - Source metadata includes (field on the `BaseIngestDoc` class:

Reviewer: this is confusing, i don't think we need to expose this level of detail here
